Hello spectator repair gear
screwdriver
Of course, I have already made it and collected it.
but then I suggest you look at what
I somehow broke up
the cartridge itself has not traveled
the teeth I decided to change the cartridge itself and
to change the cartridge of this axis tea well
how would have then learned in the middle
here there is a reverse thread bolt i
I did not know that he is with reverse thread and his
tried to unscrew as the floor as it should be
we have clockwise nothing
I did not work as it took all this here
part and got to
shafts where gears are sitting on the main
shaft and tried them clamped them rather in
vice and tried to unwind the cartridge itself
what did I get? I licked
under the figure screwdriver this bolt
which is there in the middle with the reverse
carving and
and broke one gear shaft
now to drill now to
unscrew this bolt with reverse thread
I had to drill all and want
make this gear shaft
Well, look further month gear
screwdriver unscrew the chuck I already
just sort it all out so faster
It was so unscrew here two screwdriver
here they are
take off
3 brush itself
so here is the spring here in the very
the shaft could see a pass here
retaining ring, I took it so he
just took off the shaft itself with one hand not
convenient of course well I want to show here
sambal problem i have in which and i
broke
Here is a shaft where there are such
the gears are small
get one of the shafts
one of well yes from the gear shaft broke off
here's a little bit of it i'm his
knocked out such a thing I don’t know how
she's exactly called he came out pretty
well and his regular place and on his
place i will put the same diameter from
drill
here threesome drill threesomes she clearly
Comes here Well, how to beat him to his
place cut off turbines kai is all show
so scored
drill bit like that the gears have become
everything turns the same absolutely that is
Three-point drill bit fits very well
hammered the drill from this side to
good to put the gear level
Well, with these two who are native
so gonna cut off a drill bit
This part turned out like this, of course.
perhaps not very beautiful as a factory
but nevertheless , that's how it happened
Now I will collect everything in stages
I insert the shaft in its place as
here we have such shaybochka
and even wanted to say that you can drill
In principle, further use by
purpose
so here as if the bearing is such
All balls will type here took another ceases
such a shaybochka
top to close them and here in
groove now here is this groove where where
snap ring was in place
the retaining ring will continue to collect all
step by step how to understand show already assembled
gearbox assembly these gears
spinning uncomfortable of course with one hand but
nevertheless, nothing klinit everything is very very
it turned out great cumshot completely
repair screwdriver gear
everything gathered perfectly everything works our
the battery is still plugged in so that's it
works fine
ask questions about who was
incomprehensible subscribe to channel finger
up who put the information
useful thanks